# Online-Medical-System
We all know that technology is progressing every day, and that many aspects of our daily lives will be digitalized. The medical system around the world is one of the scenarios that has piqued my interest in working on it. Patients in wealthy countries have access to systems that are simple to use, yet they cannot simply access whatever health organisation desire. Furthermore, there are only a few international websites that provide information or counselling to patients in Afghanistan. Patients will find our online medical system to be simple, informative, and easy to use. Patients will be able to use and visit all of the legitimate medical facilities that they prefer. Aside from the patients, the Afghan government will have no trouble registering all doctors, hospitals, and medical stores that follow the norms and regulations. 

# Main Objectives
The Ministry of Health and Public Welfare will have access to a central system that will retain records of all doctors, medical clinics, hospitals, and medical stores that have registered with them; the remainder can be prohibited or limited.
Patients can use the system to book an online appointment, and by using the address system, they can go directly to the chosen location where they booked an appointment, saving a significant amount of time. 
Patients will be helped outside of Afghanistan in neighbouring countries by the system, which will make it easier for them to identify preferred doctors, hospitals, and medicinal stores. This activity will save a patient a significant amount of time while also benefiting them financially.

# Main Functionalities
All users of the Ministry of Public Health Afghanistan, including doctors, and central database controllers, will have a highly friendly user experience if they use this app and 
all the doctors, clinics, and medical stores can register through their own accounts with the Ministry of Public Health's approval, and after their accounts are approved according to MOPH's laws and regulations, they can work freely in the health sector. In addition, all unlicensed doctors, clinics, and medical stores must register in the system; if any are absent, the MOPH can take significant action against them based on patient complaints to the system or a survey conducted by the MOPH. Patients can schedule appointments with a preferred specialist from far-flung provinces of Afghanistan; all information about the doctors and clinical hospitals must be provided to the patients. Patients can make appointments with specialists in adjacent countries who are located outside of Afghanistan; all information on the doctors and clinical hospitals must be provided to the patients. 
